I am sorry... I am sorry...
Even those words aren't in my mind...
Out of my head... Out of my head...
Get yourself out of there right now!
You are my privilege and only my privilege,
And I never doubt that...
Despite low as dirt, she still wants to take the dearest away from me,
Condescend to her crawling on the ground,
That girl only should look up to me,
Because the beauty of my wings are beyond her imagination,
I am not afraid of anything...
Really nothing can scare me...
But it hurts...
It hurts...
It really hurts!
It's only a delusion...
Talking less and less, can't close my eyes at night,
Only wish you can notice, but you still got drunk,
The more we separate, the more I want to be with you,
Even if you can't hear me, I don't want you to hate me...
Forcefully, pitifully, I was hoping,
The more I think about you, the more ridiculous you are,
Right, it is all that idiot's fault!
Despite low as dirt, she still wants to take the dearest away from me,
And it's only because I want to appreciate you in my mortal life,
After all the wings of mine won't stand out forever,
I am not afraid of anything...
Really nothing scares me...
But it hurts...
It hurts...
It really hurts!
It's only a delusion...
Painfully, happily, I was hoping,
The more I laugh about you, the more ridiculous you are,
Right, it is all that idiot's fault!
I am sorry... I am sorry...
Even those words aren't in my mind...
Out of my head... Out of my head...
Get yourself out of there right now!
You are my privilege and only my privilege,
And I never doubt that...
Despite low as dirt...
Despite low as dirt, she still took the dearest away from me,
Look at her crawling on the ground,
So dirty, how could she be cute?
Look at them, my wings once praised by you,
Aren't they lovely?
Choosing that girl low as dirt but leaving me aside,
This is definitely your fault,
Something has to be wrong,
Not even having a chance to say sorry,
I fell through the sky like this,
But I honestly love you,
You who only belongs to me!
I miss you...
"I really miss you..."
Everything left for me is saying "I really miss you..."
You deserve more than this as a traitor!